[Music]
there's no doubt that being in a
relationship is a great thing it can be
a wonderful source of happiness and joy
that makes your world more beautiful but
at the same time love is kind of a
tricky feeling our hormones often pull
us into thinking that our relationship
is based on love if you look closer
however you might find out it's just an
illusion leading you to ask yourself is
this real love to answer this question
you'll have to evaluate your
relationship with fresh eyes and an
impartial attitude first and foremost
you should think about how long you've
known your partner I bet you have a
friend who claims they're in love after
a few days or weeks of meeting someone
new unfortunately more often than not
after a month or so such a couple
decides to call it off sometimes each
side realizes they hate everything about
each other
this happens because they didn't take
enough time to get to know their partner
love needs a while to grow it's about
developing real intimacy and becoming
attached to someone on a deep level if
you feel attracted to your partner but
there's not a genuine connection
it's just infatuation and let's be
honest here sometimes you fall not for
the person but the idea of love you
desperately want to experience all those
cute moments you've seen in romantic
comedies and that's why your imagination
makes you see the person you're with in
a favorable light then after a while it
hits you that they have nothing in
common with your fantasy version of them
another point to consider is jealousy if
you keep getting jealous of your partner
even in innocent everyday situations
it's a sign that something is off you
want to make it clear to everyone
including them that they belong only to
you that's why when someone comes up to
your significant other at a party it
makes you feel uneasy so you do your
best to bring their attention back to
you this feeling of possessiveness ruins
relationships in the blink of an eye
true love is based on Trust which gives
you confidence and leaves no room for
the fear that your partner may be
charmed by someone else no matter how
strongly you believe that you're bound
in a very special and unique way and
nothing can come between you you should
also be on high alert if everything
happens way too quickly perhaps you've
just met someone and you're already
living together and maybe you've decided
it's time to invite them to your weekly
family dinner when you experience a
strong crush you can't wait to take the
next step and want proof of their
commitment to you because deep down you
know that your feelings and probably
theirs as well
won't last long you try to make the most
of it as fast as possible but the truth
is that a healthy loving relationship
develops naturally you both enjoy the
process of building your relationship at
a slow but steady pace and you don't
feel the urge to rush things because
every moment is precious
did your partner forget to call you back
and you started wondering if you did
something wrong or if a breakup is
waiting around the corner do you keep
questioning yourself about whether
they're going to leave you as they're
not paying you as much attention as
you're used to such situations make you
go through intense emotions when you
think that you love someone so much in
reality though you're being insecure and
this has nothing to do with real love a
deep attachment for someone makes you
feel secure and strong you don't have a
panic attack every time something goes
wrong or not according to plan because
you know that the bond holding you both
together is not that easy to break
[Music]
setting unrealistic relationship goals
can also be a sign that your heart is an
in love territory when you're infatuated
with someone you may find yourself in a
situation where you try to shape your
relationship according to some model you
have in mind you desperately want
everything to be perfect for example no
fights are allowed and happiness must be
the only emotion you feel when with your
partner but if you keep avoiding
arguments it means you're hiding from
problems and not letting yourself or
your other half express feelings and
opinions freely true love is about
learning to communicate compromise and
accept the fact that your relationship
will have ups and downs
have you ever been so into someone that
you couldn't eat or sleep feelings can
be really strong and all-consuming but
that doesn't mean it's love this overly
emotional condition can distract you
from work studies and other
responsibilities with potentially
serious consequences your world shrinks
to only one person they become the
center of your private universe that's
why you cancel plans with your family
and friends planning to spend every free
minute with your loved one but when
you're truly in love you gain an amazing
source of inspiration that changes your
life for the better you want to be the
best version of yourself and create a
better life love helps you embrace your
life more and not escape everything in
it it's no secret that some
relationships are an emotional roller
coaster if your partner simply gives you
a smile
you may feel overjoyed for hours if they
don't feel like talking much puts you in
a very dark mood instantly you get to
experience highs and lows with such
intensity that it leaves you drained you
constantly think about them dream about
them worry about your relationship cry
over them and stress out when you pick
up subtle clues that things are not
going well your relationship might be
full of drama you keep fighting over
irrelevant issues splitting up and
getting back together over and over
again thinking this is a love that won't
let you go the truth is that it's your
insecurities and unhealthy obsession
holding you together love isn't supposed
to make you suffer it doesn't drain your
energy but gives it to you
a true deep attachment should make you
feel comfortable and at ease not tired
and overwhelmed it seems kind of natural
to put your partner on a pedestal during
the early stages of a relationship to
you they are godlike being never makes a
mistake and has no flaws in other words
you make them out to be something
they're not
refusing to acknowledge that they're an
ordinary person with a set of positive
attributes weaknesses and quirks on top
of all that seeing them as a perfect
person makes you wonder why they chose
to be with you because you're way too
aware of your own shortcomings you feel
like you won the lottery but having such
high expectations will leave you
disappointed pretty soon because
nobody's perfect right when you really
love someone you see them for who they
actually are the good and the bad and
love them anyway
a lot of love stories start with a
phrase there was a spark between us you
just met someone and suddenly feel like
you've known them for ages everything
about them is irresistible and you can't
fight this attraction they are always on
your mind and all you can do during
their absence is dream about your
wonderfully happy future you even start
thinking that you finally found the one
your true soulmate that magical spark
turns into a real fire of passionate
feelings you can barely deal with sounds
like a fairy tale right well pretty soon
that fire will die off as unexpectedly
as it appeared leaving you totally
confused the spark is gone and you feel
empty a crush can involve strong and
intense emotions but they never last
long way too quickly they are replaced
by a loss of interest while love is
capable of passing the test of time
moreover it only gets stronger and
deeper do you think you've already met
the love of your life sound off in the
comments below be sure to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe to always stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]